Adding Gmail Connector Example (#1162)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/gmail-connector/configuring-gmail-api.md

## Creating the Client ID and Client Secret

1. Navigate to [API Credentials Page](https://console.developers.google.com/projectselector/apis/credentials) and sign in with your Google account.

2. Click on **Select a Project** and click **NEW PROJECT**, to create a project.

>  <img src="/assets/img/connectors/create-project.png" title="Creating a new Project" width="800" alt="Creating a new Project" />

Reviewer: There are too many screenshots to showcase simple things like navigation. Let's only include screenshots that are absolutely necessary.

Author: Removed the screenshot in step 3.

Reviewer: Do you need the one in step 5?

Author: Since it's a new interface, I kept that.

> 3. Enter `GmailConnector` as the name of the project and click Create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter `GmailConnector` as the name of the project and click **Create**.
```
Bold UI fields, buttons, etc.

Author: Done

  <img src="/assets/img/connectors/name-project.png" title="Naming the Project" width="800" alt="Naming the Project" />

> 4. Click Configure consent screen in the next screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Configure consent screen** in the next screen.
```

Author: Done

  <img src="/assets/img/connectors/consent-screen.png" title="Consent Screen" width="800" alt="Consent Screen" />

5. Provide the Application Name as `GmailConnector` in the Consent Screen.
  <img src="/assets/img/connectors/consent-screen2.png" title="Consent Screen" width="800" alt="Consent Screen" />

6. Click Create credentials and click OAuth client ID.
  <img src="/assets/img/connectors/create-credentials.png" title="Create Credentials" width="800" alt="Create Credentials" />

7. Enter the following details in the Create OAuth client ID screen and click Create.

| Type                        | Name                                             | 
| ------------------          | -------------------------------------------------|
| Application type            | Web Application                                  |
| Name                        | GmailConnector                                   |
| Authorized redirect URIs    | https://developers.google.com/oauthplayground    |

  

> 8. It will be provided a client id and a client secret. Keep them saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. A client ID and a client secret are provided. Keep them saved.
```

Author: Done

  <img src="/assets/img/connectors/credentials.png" title="Credentials" width="800" alt="Credentials" />

9. Click Library on the side menu, search for **Gmail API** and click on it.

10. Click Enable to enable the Gmail API.

## Obtaining Access Token and Refresh Token
1. Navigate to [OAuth 2.0 Playground](https://developers.google.com/oauthplayground/) and click OAuth 2.0 Configuration button in the Right top corner.

> 2. Select Use your own OAuth credentials, and provide the obtained Client ID and Client Secret values as above click on Close.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Use your own OAuth credentials**, and provide the obtained Client ID and Client Secret values as above. Click on **Close**.
```

Author: Done

  <img src="/assets/img/connectors/oath-configuration.png" title="Obtaining Oauth-configuration" width="800" alt="Obtaining Oauth-configuration" />

> 3. Under Step 1, select Gmail API v1 from the list of APIs, select all the scopes expect the https://www.googleapis.com/auth/gmail.metadata scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Under Step 1, select Gmail API v1 from the list of APIs, select all the scopes except the https://www.googleapis.com/auth/gmail.metadata scope.
```

Author: Done

  <img src="/assets/img/connectors/select-scopes.png" title="Selecting Scopes" width="800" alt="Selecting Scopes" />

4. Click on Authorize APIs button and select your Gmail account when you are asked and allow the scopes.
  <img src="/assets/img/connectors/grant-permission.png" title="Grant Permission" width="800" alt="Grant Permission" />

5.  Under Step 2, click **Exchange authorization code for tokens** to generate an display the Access Token and Refresh Token.
  <img src="/assets/img/connectors/refreshtoken.png" title="Getting Tokens" width="800" alt="etting Tokens" />

> 6. Now we are done with configuring the Gmail API.

Reviewer: Not a step.

Author: Done
